Add a draft covid postponement annoucnement (#1223)
writethedocs/www: docs/blog/moving-portland-prague-2020-online.rst

.. post:: Apr 29, 2020
   :tags: portland-2020, prague-2020, conferences, covid-19

> Moving our 2020 conferences online

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write the Docs 2020 conferences going virtual
```

==================================

> Hey everyone,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hello everyone,
```

We hope that you're holding up during these trying times.
We are all stuck at home, but still thinking about our docs community :)

> **We've concluded that it's not possible for us to hold our Portland or Prague conferences in person this year.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the global events and travel restrictions, which are not expected to relax in the near future, we concluded that **we must cancel our on-site Portland and Prague conferences this year.**
```

> Safety of the community and everyone else comes first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even if the official travel and event restrictions will be relaxed by the scheduled dates, the safety of the community and everyone else comes first, so **we are converting the conferences to online-only virtual events with an adjusted format.**
```

> **We're planning to hold an online event, with a new format, sometime in August**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Portland virtual conference will be held in August, exact dates will be announced soon. The Prague virtual conference will be held in the Autumn, exact dates and Call for Proposals announcement will be announced in early summer.```

> We will be releasing additional details as we confirm them.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If you currently have a ticket to Write the Docs Portland, your options are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Portland conference ticket
--------------------------------

If you currently have a ticket to Write the Docs Portland, your options are:
```

> - pre-order a ticket to the online event for $100 and get the rest refunded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pre-order a ticket to the online event for $100 and get the rest of your original ticket amount refunded.
```

> - pre-order a ticket to the online event for $100 and contribute some of the rest to sustaining the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pre-order a ticket to the online event for $100 and contribute the rest of your original ticket amount to the Write the Docs organization. We are a self-sustaining community and our events are our main source of income, so your contributions help ensure that we can continue to organize events and maintain the global community in years to come.
```

> - get a full refund on **May 10th, 2020**. This happen automatically if you don't select either of the previous options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get a full refund of your original ticket amount on **May 10th, 2020**. This option will happen automatically if you don't select either of the previous options.
```

> `Let us know`_ which option you'd like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please fill in the `ticket processing form`_ to let us know which option you prefer.
```

> We'll be reaching out to all of our sponsors to talk about moving their sponsorship to our online event, and we are excited about offering new sponsorship benefits provided by the new format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll be reaching out to all of our sponsors to talk about moving their sponsorship to our online event, and we are excited about offering new sponsorship benefits available thanks to the new format.
```

.. _Let us know: http://TODO

> Thoughts on the new format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What format will the online event have?
```

--------------------------

> We're looking at ways to keep the spirit of our events, in an online format, still providing a gathering place for the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're looking at ways to keep the spirit of our events in a virtual format, so that the event will act as a gathering place for the community.
```

* Writing Day, where the community works on projects and learns from each other. These will work well remotely.

> * Unconference, where our community has discussions and shares ideas. We think our Slack network already approximates this pretty well, but we'll be adding a little extra structure and moderation during the event to help the discussions move along.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unconference, where our community has discussions and shares ideas. We think our Slack network already approximates this pretty well, but we'll be adding a little extra structure and moderation during the event to help keep the discussions productive and friendly. 
```

> * Presentations, where we share ideas, insights, and best practices. We're investigating live and prerecorded options, with curated and real time Q&A with speakers and other experts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Presentations, where we share ideas, insights, and best practices. We're investigating live and pre-recorded options, with curated and real-time Q&A with speakers and other experts.
```

* Job Fair, matching attendees to sponsors and jobs. We'll be building on our Job Board, offering our sponsors the ability to showcase the work they're doing and the roles they're hiring for.

> We haven't found good ways to do our Hike or Boat Ride online, so you'll just have to enjoy a small bit of your local woods or water, at socially responsible distances, on our behalf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unfortunately, our Hike or Boat Ride can't be done online, but we'd love it if you go out and enjoy a small bit of your local woods or water, at socially responsible distances, on our behalf, and share your pictures or videos with the community.
```

> Benefits that come from the new reality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's make the most out of the "new normal"
```

---------------------------------------

We are sad not to be able to have our upcoming events in person,

> but we also want to note that there are some benefits to moving online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but there are some great benefits to converting the events to an online format.
```

> People who haven't been able to travel to our events will still be able to speak and attend, making the event more accessible to everyone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The biggest benefit is accessibility to the event itself, since people who haven't been able to travel to our events will be able to speak and attend the virtual events, making the events more accessible to everyone. The lower ticket price will also help more people from all walks of life attend the event.
```

We're working hard on putting something in your calendar to get excited about,

> and we're doing the same thing we always do, facilitating knowledge sharing within our community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and we're doing the same thing we always do, facilitating knowledge sharing and social connections within our community.
```

> The Write the Docs Team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stay tuned and take care of yourselves and your loved ones,

The Write the Docs Team
```

.. post:: Apr 29, 2020
   :tags: portland-2020, prague-2020, conferences, covid-19

Write the Docs 2020 conferences going virtual
=============================================

Hello everyone,

We hope that you're holding up during these trying times.
We are all stuck at home, but still thinking about our docs community :)

Due to the global events and travel restrictions, which are not expected to relax in the near future, we concluded that **we must cancel our on-site Portland and Prague conferences this year.**
Even if the official travel and event restrictions will be relaxed by the scheduled dates, the safety of the community and everyone else comes first, so **we are converting the conferences to online-only virtual events with an adjusted format.**

The Portland virtual conference will be held in August, exact dates will be announced soon. The Prague virtual conference will be held in the Autumn, exact dates and Call for Proposals announcement will be announced in early summer.

Your Portland conference ticket
-------------------------------

If you currently have a ticket to Write the Docs Portland, your options are:

> - Pre-order a ticket to the online event for 25% and get the rest of your original ticket amount refunded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Pre-order a ticket to the online event for 25% and get a refund for the remaining 75% of your original ticket amount.
```
(Update form and ticket-choices.rst as well if we merge this.)

Even if the official travel and event restrictions will be relaxed by the scheduled dates, the safety of the community and everyone else comes first, so **we are converting the conferences to online-only virtual events with an adjusted format.**

The Portland virtual conference will be held in August, exact dates will be announced soon. The Prague virtual conference will be held in the Autumn, exact dates and Call for Proposals announcement will be announced in early summer.```
Your Portland conference ticket
--------------------------------

If you currently have a ticket to Write the Docs Portland, your options are:

- Pre-order a ticket to the online event for $100 and get the rest of your original ticket amount refunded.
- Pre-order a ticket to the online event for $100 and contribute the rest of your original ticket amount to the Write the Docs organization. We are a self-sustaining community and our events are our main source of income, so your contributions help ensure that we can continue to organize events and maintain the global community in years to come.

> - Get a full refund of your original ticket amount on **May 10th, 2020**. This option will happen automatically if you don't select either of the previous options.

Reviewer 2: Isn't this term a bit short? I think we should allow two weeks from sending this out.

Reviewer 2: If we change this, change ticket-choices.rst too.

Reviewer: +1 to extending the deadline,  least 2 weeks if not 3?

Author: Yea, I'm happy to extend, I just put an initial date.

.. post:: Apr 29, 2020
   :tags: portland-2020, prague-2020, conferences, covid-19

> Moving our 2020 conferences online

Author: We haven't confirmed AU yet.

Reviewer 3: I know, but it makes the title more digestable. :-p We could explicitly mention it in the body?

If you currently have a ticket to Write the Docs Portland, your options are:

> - Pre-order a ticket to the online event for 25% and get the rest of your original ticket amount refunded.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Pre-order a ticket to the online event for 25% of the original value of your ticket and get the rest refunded.
```
I think this framing is clearer. Can we be clear about which side of the fees this falls (I assume we take those)

Reviewer 3: And smiliar for all tickets

Reviewer 4: I thought the price was going to be $100. 

25% of $500 = $125. Is this intentional, or did you mean 20%?

Author: Yes, a % allows us to offer scaled pricing based on the value of the ticket, like normal.

> - Pre-order a ticket for all of our online events until the end of 2021. We plan to move Portland & Prague online this year at least, and offer similar online events next year. This helps support the Write the Docs organization by helping us cover operating expenses for the next year and a half.

Reviewer 3: Would it make sense to say something like 

> Transfer your existing ticket into a virtual ticket pass, valid for all of our online events until the end of 2021.

And I'd delete the "This helps..."
